The first gas on the list is carbon dioxide. The makeup of this gas consists of one carbon and two oxygen. 
This gas makes up 0.039 percent of the atmosphere. This gas is absorbed by plants, so that they can perform 
photosynthesis. It can last in the atmosphere for more than a hundred years. When an organism exhales, carbon 
dioxide it emitted. Another greenhouse gas is methane. Methane consists of one carbon and four hydrogen atoms. 
This gas makes up 0.00018 percent of the atmosphere. One ton of methane has 84-87 times the impact of CO2 in the 
atmosphere. Due to natural processes, it only lasts about 10 years in the atmosphere. A few ways that this gas is 
emitted includes by cows, landfills, and rice paddies. A third greenhouse gas is water vapor. Water vapor is made 
up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom. This gas is the most abundant of the greenhouse variety. It only lasts 
in the atmosphere for a matter of days. Generally, water vapor is produced by natural processes and not humans. 
The effect of water vapor is refered to as a feedback process. This means that as the earth warms more water evaporates, 
and the extra water causes a rise in temperature. Emissions of this gas come from heating of water, combustion, and heating 
hydrogen containing substances. One example of this is burning gas in an automobile engine. The fourth gas on the list 
is nitrous oxide. It is comprised of two nitrogen atoms and one one oxygen atom. This gas has an estimated potency that 
is 300 times greater than that of CO2. This gas also lasts for roughly a century in the atmosphere. Nitrous oxide also 
depletes the ozone layer. Most emissions of this gas can be sourced to agricultural activities such as using synthetic 
fertiliser. Finally there is a gas called a chlorofluocarbon. This is a compound consisting of chlorine, fluorine, and 
carbon, and if hydrogen is added it is called a hydrofluorocarbon. This compound is synthetic and is of industrial origin. 
This gas also damages the ozone layer, which protects us from most of the sun's UV rays. In the 1930's common appliances 
like air conditioning used toxic gases as refrigerants. Frigidaire, General Motors, and Du Pont developed the chlorofluocarbon 
to replace toxic refrigerants of the age.